README.md, before:

# LHL_Midterm
Midterm NYC neighborhood clustering with Meghan Pick

### Data Preparation
In the Data_Preparation folder contains all of the raw data as well as several checkpoints made as csv files.
Notebooks are titled as "data conversion.ipynb" with their respective data in file names to represent which data files were converted for use.
These notebooks contains the methods used to convert and clean the data.

The final data is the "nyc_data.csv" file which contains:\
    -name (of NYC neighborhood)\
    -longitude\
    -latitude\
    -uber_count (how many times an uber service was called for in the neighborhood)\
    -avg_price (of restaurants in the neighborhood)\
    -adj_pop (population of neighborhood, adjusted from original data for compatibility to our data)\
    -median_daily_test_rate (of covid testing rate in neighborhood per 100000 people)\
    -avg_test_score (the average test score of elementary schools within the neighborhood)

### Model Set Up
The model_set_up folder contains the final data for use (nyc_data.csv) as well as notebooks used to attempt to model our algorithm.
For modeling, K-means clustering, hierarchical agglomerative clustering, and DBScan were all tried and tested to make a model.

The results of our testing in fitting a model proved that K-means clustering provides the best separation in creating clusters.

Commit message:

Updated README with suggestion tool overview

README.md, after:

# LHL_Midterm
Midterm NYC neighborhood clustering created by Meghan Pick and Eric Hong

### Data Preparation
In the Data_Preparation folder contains all of the raw data as well as several checkpoints made as csv files.
Notebooks are titled as "data conversion.ipynb" with their respective data in file names to represent which data files were converted for use.
These notebooks contains the methods used to convert and clean the data.

The final data is the "nyc_data3.csv" file which contains:\
    -name (of NYC neighborhood)\
    -longitude\
    -latitude\
    -uber_count (how many times an uber service was called for in the neighborhood)\
    -avg_price (of restaurants in the neighborhood)\
    -adj_pop (population of neighborhood, adjusted from original data for compatibility to our data)\
    -median_daily_test_rate (of covid testing rate in neighborhood per 100000 people)\
    -avg_test_score (the average test score of elementary schools within the neighborhood)\
    -Median Sale Price - na has median (median house prices of neighborhood)\
    -pop_density (population density of neighborhood per sq. mile)

### Model Set Up
The model_set_up folder contains all notebooks used to attempt to model our algorithm.
For modeling, K-means clustering, hierarchical agglomerative clustering, and DBScan were all tried and tested to make a model.

The results of our testing in fitting a model proved that K-means clustering provides the best separation in creating clusters.

### Suggestion Tool
The Suggestion_Tool folder contains NYC_neighborhood_suggestion.ipynb, which is able to suggest an NYC neighborhood for one to live in based on certain factors and preferences. Details of parameters necessary to run the function are within the notebook preamble.

The folder also contains submission.csv, which is a csv file of the name of neighborhoods and the cluster to which they belong in based on our model. This is the final submission file.
